Description
Ace® Duma Safety shoe is a professional footwear which offers an attractive style, great comfort and best protection. These shoes are composed of a steel toe cap, an anti-puncture steel midsole, which also provides the wearer shock absorption qualities and a genuine water resistant leather for your outdoor performance. Ace® Duma Safety shoe is an ideal safety shoe for anybody working in maintenance, transport, forestry, construction and mining industries.

Work Comfortably in Any Environment with Stylish Ace Duma Safety Shoes Grey.

Tough, Comfortable, and Durable Safety Shoes for Your Workplace
Working in normal shoes can tire your feet or make them prone to injuries. With the increase in workplace accidents, you need to protect your feet from pain, swelling, paralysis, or more. The right safety shoes should protect your feet and still make you look dapper.

 

And this is why you should consider getting a pair of Ace Duma Safety Shoes Grey. These shoes have a stylish look and can protect your feet from a range of workplace accidents. Our safety shoes are best for any maintenance, transport, forestry, mining industries and construction workers.

Made of Genuine Leather
Crafted from genuine leather, the Ace® Duma Safety Shoes provide superior protection and comfort. Each pair is built to last, ensuring reliable safety and performance. A great choice for any industrial or outdoor task.

Steel Toe Cap
The Ace® Duma Safety Shoes are a reliable and comfortable choice for your work needs. With a steel toe cap providing 200J impact resistance, your feet are kept safe from potential hazards. A solid design ensures your safety and comfort, no matter where the job takes you.


Anti-Slip
These boots also have a threaded outsole, offering a good grip on any terrain. Whether you work on surfaces exposed to oil or water, you’re safe from slips and fall accidents.

Anti-Static
The footbed and sole of Ace Duma Shoes have superior shock absorption technologies that prevent your feet from suffering uncomfortable static and electrical shocks. This ensures extreme safety and comfort at work.

Breathable Padding
The insoles of Ace Duma Shoes let air in and out, protecting your feet from sweating and foul odor. The added cushioning to your shoes also provides lasting comfort when using them on hard surfaces.

Protect Your Feet in Style with Ace Duma Safety Shoes
Want to look good on the job while still protecting your feet?
Ace Duma Safety Shoes is the shoe for you. It combines elegant style, premium protection, and maximum comfort at an affordable price.